I have 11 AI agents running 24/7
autonomously around the clock and my
OpenClaw agent manages all of them to
build profitable apps while I sleep.
Just yesterday, they built seven apps,
tested them, added payments, and
uploaded them to the app store, all in a
single afternoon using less than 5% of
my open clause context window.
>> All apps go through a ninestep rigorous
framework. things like research, idea
validation, building the app,
monetization strategies, designing the
icons, and even creating promo videos.
It took me three failed attempts to get
here, and over 100 hours of testing, and
I'm going to break down the exact
blueprint I used to build this thing,
the lessons that I learned along the
way, and how I plan to autonomously
market these apps to generate millions
of views. And if we haven't met yet, I'm
Doobie. I'm a former marketer who now
builds AI apps live on stream. I'm
currently documenting a challenge to
reach 100K using AI. And in just one
month, I've already generated $46,000
and grown a following of over 10,000
people. I also run a community called
Booby Builders, where a thousand plus
members are learning to build their own
apps with AI. Now, before I show you
how, let me show you why I'm going all
in on apps and why you should, too. You
see, the global app market hit $300
billion last year, and it's literally
beating the S&P 500 with a 14% annual
growth rate. So, by 2035, it's expected
to reach a trillion. Apple alone takes
70% of all consumer spending despite
having less than 30% of mobile market
share. Now, to put that in perspective
for you, on average, Android users spend
$140 per month on apps, which is 7 1/2
times less than Apple users. Still not
convinced? All right, let's play a game.
I'm going to show you an app and you're
going to guess how much money it makes.
Ready? Okay. First up, we've got an app
that claims to make you taller. How much
we thinking? $50, $500, maybe $1,000.
This app made $90,000
just last month. Okay. Okay. One more.
An app that records your snoring. 5K per
month. 50K. Oh, no. No. No. This app is
making $400,000
per month. And if you zoom out a bit, it
makes sense. There are 1.4 billion
people who own an iPhone, but as of
early 2026, only 2 million apps to
service them. Meaning the app market is
a literal gold mine. Now, obviously, 80%
of apps on the App Store make less than
$1,000 a month, which sounds bad until
you flip the math. The top 20%, 400,000
apps are making over $1,000 per month. A
few years ago, a simple iOS app would
cost anywhere between 20 to 40K to build
with a development team. A slightly more
complex app could run you up to 100K. My
App Factory runs for just $1,000 a month
in AI tokens and has the potential to
build over a 100 apps. We're playing a
numbers game here. You see, this guy,
James, is a solo developer who built a
portfolio of 30 apps. He went from a
failed first app to $60,000 a month. His
strategy was simple. Ship fast, validate
with app store keywords, double down on
what works, and kill what doesn't. This
guy, David, launched 58 apps that went
nowhere. His 59th was Widget Smmith. 131
million downloads and $200,000 a month
in revenue. The pattern is volume and
iteration. Most individual apps fail,
but if you're shipping fast enough and
learning from each one, you will
eventually win. That's exactly what the
factory automates. Not one perfect app,
a pipeline that keeps shipping with
self-improvement loops baked in. Now,
I'm sure you've heard of OpenCore by
now. an AI agent framework that went
from zero to 200,000 stars faster than
any project in GitHub history and
arguably the most powerful AI agent
framework in the world right now.
>> One of the biggest challenges people are
facing is context bloat. I've literally
reset my open claw three times because
of this. First time I was using open
claw for everything. Personal assistant,
exposting, content scripts and the app
factory. 2 days later it became
completely useless. Context window was
full. The apps were trash, the tweets
were everything was so I reset it.
Second time round, I stripped it back to
just handling one task, building apps.
But building an entire iOS app is a
massive task. And by the time OpenClaw
finished one app, there was literally no
context left to build another. So this
third time round, I took a completely
different approach. I used clawed code
to build the entire system from scratch.
And I designed it in a way where my
openclaw agent Sheldon just plugs into
this pre-built system and orchestrates
the whole thing. So now instead of
Sheldon doing the heavy lifting, we've
got dedicated sub agents for each phase.
I call them project leads and they
handle all the complex work. Sheldon
just sits on top and directs traffic.
For example, if research is done, the
research agent reports back. Sheldon
says, "Cool." Tells the validation agent
to check the research. Once the idea is
validated, Sheldon tells the builder
agent to start building. And so on. Each
sub agent handles its own context, does
its work, and reports back. AI engineer
Austin Alro puts it nicely when he says,
"A single agent is powerful, but
multiple agents, each specialized for a
specific task and coordinated by a
central router, can tackle problems of a
completely different order of magnitude.
And this is exactly how the entire
factory runs on less than 5% of
Sheldon's context window. So if there's
anything you take away from this video,
start using claude code to build systems
that you want your OpenClaw to operate
inside of.
So this is the control panel where all
the magic happens. Up top you got four
metrics. Active projects, shipped apps,
Q length, and what needs my attention.
Right now it's building three apps
simultaneously. The projects tab shows
each app with a progress bar and a
quality score out of 10. Pantry Power is
in the deploy phase and Gym Snap is
ready to be uploaded. Now, if I tap on
my app, it extends into a one pager.
This is actually one of my favorite
parts. The one pager shows the AI's
research and validation for the specific
idea, the pain points it identified, the
target user, what features to include,
the monetization strategy, and more.
Basically, every decision the AI made to
get from idea to execution is documented
right here. This lets me see a really
high-level overview of why the AI chose
the idea and whether I agree. The blue
text is a live feed from the AI agents
updating in real time and you can kind
of just watch them work. I made this to
give me peace of mind that things are
moving in the back end because sometimes
the agent could be stuck in the build
phase for 10 to 20 minutes and this lets
me know that it's still working. So, how
do the app ideas get generated? Shan
runs its own research process. It scans
Reddit and X for pain points, people
complaining about broken workflows,
missing tools, things they wish existed.
It checks app store categories for high
demand and low competition, and then
cross references all of that with what's
technically feasible for our app factory
to build and generates the one pager I
showed earlier. The first time I watched
the AI pitch me an idea, I was just in
complete awe. And it makes total sense
why AI should be used for research
because it can literally scan through
hundreds of websites before I even
finish going through one. The idea queue
is where research ideas get lined up.
When there's capacity, the orchestrator
pulls the next one and starts building.
Now, before I get into the actual build
framework, if you want to be one of the
first to try out this autonomous app
factory, you can sign up to the wait
list in the first link below. So, I've
got Shan running every 5 minutes on a
cron job. It checks how many projects
are active with a maximum of five at a
time. For each one, it reads the project
state file to figure out what phase it's
in, then spawns a clawed code session
with the right prompt for that phase.
The session does the work, updates the
state, and exits. No excess compute
wasted. Don't rely on conversation
history for important state. Always
write it to files. This one shift has
improved my agent workflow like a ton.
All 11 agents used throughout the
workflow run on four models, each with a
specific job. Claude Opus 4.6 is the
builder, writes all the Swift and Swift
UI code. This is done by fitting it a
prompt from the ideation phase with
instructions on how to structure the
code, how to handle permissions, and
what every screen needs. And from that
single prompt, Opus builds the entire
app. Codex 5.3 is the reviewer. After
Opus finishes, Codeex reads every file
and independently verifies the code for
crash risk, missing features, permission
bugs, and code quality. Now, if you're
wondering why use Opus and Codeex
separately for the build, well, from
experience, I've noticed that if you get
the model who wrote the code to also
review it, it'll have a bias and cut
corners. So, that's why I let Opus build
and Codeex review. To further assist
with the build, we also feed it
templates that already include payments,
onboarding, and a Gemini Flash AI
wrapper to power the actual AI features
used inside the app, like the plant
identification in plant pulse and the
receipt scanning and warranty bolt. It's
super cheap and actually does a really
good job. Then we have Sonet 4.6 to
handle fast routing, logging metadata,
and quick decisions. Okay, next we have
debatably the most important phase of
the factory, quality gates. So we have
Codex reviewing the code, but after that
we also have six automated checks run.
Based off these checks, each app gets a
score out of 10. In order for an app to
pass to the next phase, it needs an
eight or higher. Three failures and it
gets flagged for me to look at manually.
I actually stole this concept off the
Ralph Wigan plugin that went viral where
it prompts your agent to retry, adjust,
learn, and pass to human. The only
difference is instead of brute forcing
it, the factory flags it after the third
unsuccessful attempt. You see, Apple
rejected over a million apps last year,
and on average, 40% of the new apps
rejected on their first submission. So,
these rigorous tests make sure we pass
our submissions.
Now, after all that, every app gets
payments hooked up through Apple's store
kit, which I wish I knew sooner because
I literally spent 2 days configuring the
Stripe API before realizing Apple has
its own payment system built in. So,
don't make my mistake. People also
usually take a 30% cut, but for the
first million in revenue, it's only 15%
through their small business program.
The factory analyzes the app's
validation and research document and
picks the right payment strategy for
that app, which is either a free trial
or a premium model. You can see with the
warranty vault, an app that lets you
track warranties, it chose a premium
model where users could list up to three
items before being prompted with a payw
wall. Whereas Pantry Pal uses a free
trial model so users can experience the
magic of the main feature, which is the
AI recipe generator. Now, from our
research, we found free trials do
convert six times better than hard payw
walls. So, most apps are coded to get a
7-day trial. Once an app passes quality
and monetization, it gets packaged for
the app store. The factory literally
generates the app store listing,
description, keywords, even the
screenshots, and every app gets a unique
icon generated through Nano Banana Pro.
I actually had to build a system for the
AI to open the app and press all the
buttons so it could navigate through
each screen and capture those
screenshots for me because I really want
to make sure that when everything
uploads to Apple's developer portal,
there is as little human involvement as
possible, and that includes taking
screenshots. It also generates three to
five onboarding screens explaining the
app to new users. I added this after
hearing about how important they are
from the founder of Cal AI, a macro
tracking app printing 4 mil a month
right now. Once all that is done, the
only manual step left is pressing
submit. Apple only lets you have five
apps in review per developer account at
a time. So, the factory cues submissions
and I approve them in batches. So, now
we've submitted the app, but how are we
going to get customers? Well, remember
how I said the entire factory runs on 5%
of open clause context window. I
designed it lean on purpose because the
factory is only half the job. The other
95% is reserved for what actually brings
users, the marketing. Now, coming from a
marketing background, I know better than
anyone else that the factory is
essentially useless unless it handles
marketing as well. I haven't actually
built this section yet, but I want to
show you guys how I plan to tackle it
because it's actually super easy to set
up and really cool. The plan is to run
multiple Tik Tok and Instagram accounts
across different content categories:
health and fitness, home and lifestyle,
gardening, productivity, personal
finance. Each account builds an audience
around that category with native
content. The AI generates this content
autonomously, builds a following, and
when a relevant app ships, like a
fitness tracker from the factory, it
gets a mention. Now, in order for me to
run this autonomously, I'll be using the
Larry skill. Larry is an open claw agent
built by Oliver Henry that generated 8
million views in a single week through
autonomous Tik Tok slideshows. It
literally generates the images and hooks
and then iterates based on results and
self-learning loops. For example, if a
hook gets a lot of views but doesn't
convert, it knows that it actually
attracted the wrong audience and writes
that into its code so it doesn't make
that mistake again. If you want the
Larry skill, it's completely free and
open source. But if you want to take it
up a notch, he also provides a paid
subscription that comes with 50
additional pro skills that all sync
seamlessly together to build a literal
god of an opencore agent. Like this web
scraping skill or this one that
literally lets my OpenClaw Sheldon post
tweets seamlessly on X. I'll leave a
link in the description below. So, for
the marketing to be successful, we got
to have a cool promo video, right? The
factory handles that too. Using Votion
inside Claude Code, it generates a demo
video for each app. By the time Pantry
Pal hits the app store, it already has a
promo video ready to post. Research the
idea, build the app, test it, add
payments, design the icon, submit it,
make a video, post it, all autonomously
using Open Claw. Now you know the full
loop. You can build it yourself. The
best automation is the kind you forget
you built. It just runs silently, making
your life better while you sleep. And if
you don't want to build it yourself, you
can sign up for early access in the
first link below. And if you want to see
what these apps actually do and how
OpenClaw agents are already making real
money, I made a full breakdown. You can
check it out right here.